mara probably like a fool this whole
time please sir may I have some more
what are you in the throat hey my buns
what woo wait for me Missy no pork chops
Tuscan and pork chops with roasted
taters and some kind of cooked kale
situation which I feel about but I'll
try it
actually I'm mostly not sure how it's
gonna go in my braces the appropriate
right now have a nice like Jim Gaffigan
kale good oils crispy potatoes there's
someone point out i roasted the crap out
of those chips the meats great yeah
I cooked yours perfectly mine's a touch
under was thicker let's tell the people
the proper way to cook pork it is ok to
have a pink Center a pink Center on pork
means you've done it right if you cook
it until the pink is gone you've
overcooked it and it'll taste like shoe
leather it still shouldn't be too pink
no I should be wrong but there's like
but your says I ran into pink that's
perfect yeah have you ever seen my last
video my review video I saw that's a by
the way wouldn't the whole opinions
please tell me you cried you were
laughing so hard I watched it again
today and I cried again when I was
editing it i how would I laugh at one
time for like two minutes straight I
couldn't stop tears like my face was
covered in wet I was crying so hard man
I was
so this is blue apron do not say that
it's in the title they know and the only
reason we have this box is I forgot to
skip this I did pay for this one I mean
a paper all of them but a lot of the
time I have credits and stuff
we paid full price for this one okay
full price for this one blue apron is
not good about doing credits for their
boxes not unless you're sponsored well
I'm impressed this is pretty good I mean
I'm you find a great start at the kale
what some use to me like why is it here
yeah I don't mind it's got soup but I
mean it's actually not too bad is there
a lemon or something on it so the flavor
of the kale is not badges that kale
itself is the textures are so weird it's
better than cook spinach mm-hmm not a
good one
not a good darling I'm sure I'm glad
that gave us with one whole russet
potato I will say that there's been a
couple boxes we've gotten that for a
meal for two they've given us one potato
uh-huh
and it's not even like an Idaho Potato
no not like a pick one it's like it's
like a Florida potato if you're gonna
ship a box of food - I dunno and it has
a potato in it it better be able to
stand on its own two feet because you
can't come to Idaho country and be a
real little wussy be like okay I'm gonna
try the green stuff all right it's not
horrible dependent mustard greens
I know I hope in the south well stick it
forked me and done
we forgot to rate last night's pork chop
you gave it a 9
I say 8 the kale took it down for me
anyway
on tonight's dinner these are Korean
beef steamed buns which I have never
heard of in my life this is a steamed
bun
he gets bread it smells like right but I
steamed it in a steamer which is so
funny to me and I just want to point out
the nutrition facts is 670 calories as
prepared and then I looked up at the top
and then I saw servings per container 3
oh yeah yeah
very tricky blue apron very tricky yeah
it's not 670 calories weighed more than
that so the two of us reading 3 servings
yes so this is a this is a thousand
calories which is crazy because it
doesn't look like that much food
actually so we have the steamed buns
with some Korean beef right here it's
kind of family style and some fried
sweet potatoes in a tempura tempura
batter right there got some radishes
some green onions and this like mayo
sauce you know what I've got a lot of it
we're gonna eat all that mayo sauce
right just with this spoon so that's
kind of what it looks like this is gonna
be messy I can see it it's already that
we're gonna need to be able to shove a
lot more stuff in here because of all of
the innuendos this is a family channel
look I ran out of meat should I still
have steamed bun that mean is awesome
really really great this give me a plate
of that really
you don't even like Jews oh it doesn't I
love you jest
dear good so this is a bad meal for
people to have like a Joey Zasa feed
Joey doesn't share food
I agreed if I was like Joey I would not
want you all up in my business
sharing my food in fact I'm not sure how
I feel about it right now go get some
napkins please knock in circle room all
right that was smart I'm going to speed
of preparation I give this one in eight
well I might give it less it took a
while
seven seven yeah you're being generous
you might think something the fronting
of the soup tails took a while okay if
you don't take into account the messy
and inconvenience of eating at this
place
taste-wise I give it a nine flavors are
really good I would totally give it a
nice mm-hmm you is it supposed to be
eating like a taco well like if I saw
someone eat a taco from the top I'd be
like what do you do in you psycho we're
supposed to go from the side how are you
supposed to do that curry beef always a
winner mm-hmm always fullness factor
which I will give a disclaimer because I
was about to eat my fingers off my hand
I was so hungry right I give it an eight
what said you I'm full
yeah yeah it's more that I will I'm
gonna up my fullness factor to a nine
this was great
possibly man I wish I had more those
potatoes good we're more steamed buns I
gotta go wash my hands
then hey guys unfortunately I cannot
show you the third meal out of this box
because we never made it we did those
first two meals right before the entire
family came down with stomach bug
againin cuz I don't think anyone in the
house ate anything other than ginger ale
and crackers for like a week overall I
just wanted to tell you that that blue
apron box was rocking obviously if we
didn't have the third meal but the first
two were fantastic well they don't like
is it I can't give you guys any codes or
discounts because they don't give those
to me unless they sponsor a video and
they never have before I paid for that
box myself and so you guys know that my
review of it is 100% legit if you guys
want to try them out you know you're
welcome to do it sometimes I'll be given
like a free box to give to a friend so
if you're ever interested shoot me a
comment that you're interested in I'll
see what I've got available at the
moment if you guys want to subscribe
click over here if you want to see any
other review videos that we've done
click over here in the corner and if you
have any questions about this box or any
of the other reviews that we have done
let me know and we can chat I'll see you
guys in the next video